README.md, before:

# AmazingTalker Assessment by Kotlin newbie is my woooooooohhhhh

## Timeline
- 2022/05/05
  - To download the https://github.com/android/views-widgets-samples.git and get some inspiration from it
  - To study the difference between ViewPager and ViewPager2 since last time I use the ViewPager is before 2019 year, it is time to upgrade my layout weapon.
    - [學不動也要學！深入瞭解ViewPager2](https://codertw.com/%E7%A8%8B%E5%BC%8F%E8%AA%9E%E8%A8%80/712473/)
    - [Layout Inspector](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/layout-inspector)
      - [turning-off-live-updates-by-default-in-layout-inspector](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64342087/turning-off-live-updates-by-default-in-layout-inspector)
- 2022/05/04 at 15:20, receive the exam and should finish it by Kotlin, but I do not develop Kotlin over 3 days yet.
  - 2022/05/04 create the project and give simple layout
  - I should complete the assessment in three days, aka 72 hours, The deadline is on 2022/05/07 at 15:20
## TODO
- To support English and Traditional Chinese
- To support Landscape and Portrait
- Test of Unit and Instrumentation
- Add comment & UML chart

## Reference
- https://github.com/android
- https://github.com/googlesamples

Commit message:

Apply Gson to project I need fransform the json string from response into an object

README.md, after:

# AmazingTalker Assessment by a Kotlin newbie is me woooooooohhhhh

## Timeline
- 2022/05/05
  - To download the https://github.com/android/views-widgets-samples.git and get some inspiration from it
  - To study the difference between ViewPager and ViewPager2 since last time I use the ViewPager is before 2019 year, it is time to upgrade my layout weapon.
    - [學不動也要學！深入瞭解ViewPager2](https://codertw.com/%E7%A8%8B%E5%BC%8F%E8%AA%9E%E8%A8%80/712473/)
    - [Create swipe views with tabs using ViewPager2](https://developer.android.com/guide/navigation/navigation-swipe-view-2)
    - [Layout Inspector](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/layout-inspector)
      - [turning-off-live-updates-by-default-in-layout-inspector](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/64342087/turning-off-live-updates-by-default-in-layout-inspector)
  - To learn the Network APIs by this [Volley](https://google.github.io/volley/)
  - To send e-mail tell AmazingTalker the APIs sample is wrong in the assignment, verify it by Chrome's debug mode to find out the request API url is different from the assignment.
  - Apply Gson to project
- 2022/05/04 at 15:20, receive the exam and should finish it by Kotlin, but I do not develop Kotlin over 3 days yet.
  - 2022/05/04 create the project and give simple layout
  - I should complete the assessment in three days, aka 72 hours, The deadline is on 2022/05/07 at 15:20
## TODO
- To support English and Traditional Chinese
- To support Landscape and Portrait
- Test of Unit and Instrumentation
- Add comment & UML chart

## Reference
- https://github.com/android
- https://github.com/googlesamples
